It's just a flesh wound.
I'm not dead yet!
What is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?
African or European swallow?
He's not the Messiah, he's a very naughty boy!
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
And now for something completely different.
We are the knights who say... NI!
Bring out your dead!
I fart in your general direction!
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!
Run away! Run away!
She turned me into a newt! ... I got better.
Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government.
Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony.
Oh, but you can't expect to wield supreme executive power just because some watery tart threw a sword at you.
Help! Help! I'm being repressed!
Bloody peasant!
Oh, what a giveaway! Did you hear that? That's what I'm on about! Did you see him repressing me? You saw it, didn't you?
I'm not a Roman, Mum, and I never will be! I'm a kike! A yid, Mum, I'm Jewish!
Blessed are the cheesemakers.
Always look on the bright side of life.
This parrot is no more! It has ceased to be! It's expired and gone to meet its maker! This is a late parrot! It's a stiff! Bereft of life, it rests in peace! If you hadn't nailed it to the perch, it would be pushing up the daisies! It's rung down the curtain and joined the choir invisible! This is an ex-parrot!
I'd like to have an argument, please.
No, you wouldn't.
Yes, I would.
That's not an argument, it's just contradiction!
No, it isn't.
My brain hurts!
I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough wiper!
Now go away or I shall taunt you a second time!
It's only a model.
On second thought, let's not go to Camelot. It is a silly place.
We use only the finest baby frogs, dew-picked and flown from Iraq, cleansed in the finest quality spring water, lightly killed, and sealed in a succulent, Swiss, quintuple-smooth, treble-milk chocolate envelope, and lovingly frosted with glucose.
Well, what've you got?
Well, there's egg and bacon; egg, sausage and bacon; egg and spam; egg, bacon and spam; egg, bacon, sausage and spam; spam, bacon, sausage and spam; spam, egg, spam, spam, bacon and spam; spam, spam, spam, egg and spam; spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, baked beans, spam, spam, spam and spam.
I'm a lumberjack and I'm okay, I sleep all night and I work all day.
One day, lad, all this will be yours... What, the curtains?
You don't frighten us, English pig-dogs!
Go and boil your bottoms, sons of a silly person!
I wave my private parts at your aunties!
I blow my nose at you, so-called Arthur King!
Look, that rabbit's got a vicious streak a mile wide! It's a killer!
What's he do, nibble your bum?
He's got huge, sharp... er... He can leap about... Look at the bones!
Right! Silly little bleeder. One rabbit stew coming right up!
Jesus Christ!
I warned you, but did you listen to me? Oh, no, you knew it all, didn't you? Oh, it's just a harmless little bunny, isn't it?
Well, it's no ordinary rabbit. That's the most foul, cruel, and bad-tempered rodent you ever set eyes on!
Three shall be the number thou shalt count, and the number of the counting shall be three.