
May the Force be with you.
Do. Or do not. There is no try.
The Force will be with you. Always.
I find your lack of faith disturbing.
Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.
Never tell me the odds!
I've got a bad feeling about this.
Your focus determines your reality.
In my experience, there's no such thing as luck.
The Force is strong with this one.
Judge me by my size, do you?
Fear is the path to the dark side.
You can't stop the change, any more than you can stop the suns from setting.
The greatest teacher, failure is.
I am a Jedi, like my father before me.
There's always a bigger fish.
You must unlearn what you have learned.
Be mindful of your thoughts.
Who's the more foolish: the fool, or the fool who follows him?
Many of the truths that we cling to depend on our point of view.
Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them.
Sometimes we must let go of our pride and do what is requested of us.
The ability to speak does not make you intelligent.
We must keep our faith in the Republic.
Stay on target.
Power! Unlimited power!
Difficult to see. Always in motion is the future.
You were the chosen one!
This is the way.
Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter.
The belonging you seek is not behind you... it is ahead.
Let the past die. Kill it if you have to.
Every word of what you just said was wrong.
You will find that many of the truths we cling to depend greatly on our own point of view.
The dark side clouds everything. Impossible to see the future is.
When gone am I, the last of the Jedi will you be.
We are what they grow beyond.
Rebellions are built on hope.
Great, kid. Don't get cocky.
Strike me down in anger and I'll always be with you.
I'm just a simple man trying to make my way in the universe.
You were right about me. Tell your sister you were right.
The Force is not a power you have. It's not about lifting rocks. It's the energy between all things.
Confronting fear is the destiny of a Jedi.
In a dark place we find ourselves, and a little more knowledge lights our way.
Learn control, you must.
The Force binds the galaxy together.
No one's ever really gone.
Your path you must decide.
The Force is what gives a Jedi his power.